Fix example build issues (#11)
wazo-communication/euc-plugins-js-sdk: documentation/docs/softphone-examples.md

## Displaying the softphone

> Please refer to the [Installation page](./installation) to know how to import the Softphone SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [Installation page](./installation) for information on how to import the Softphone SDK.
```
